chore: added docu for the new input system (#280)
Innoactive/Creator: .Documentation/articles/innoactive-creator/input-system.md

# Input System

> The input system is quite similar implemented like Unity's InputSystem, but adds an additional abstraction to allow the implementation of other input handling. The default one which is included with the Creator is based on the Unity InputSystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input system within the Innoactive Creator is implemented similar to Unity's Input System (new) and adds an additional abstraction layer. This allows template developers to implement their own input handling. The default one used in the Creator is based on the Unity Input System.
```

## Edit Key bindings

> To edit your Key bindings go to the creator Settings / Spectator and the click Edit Key Bindings button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit your key bindings go to the creator Settings > Spectator and click _Edit key bindings_.
```

> To edit your key bindings go to the creator Settings > Spectator and click _Edit key bindings_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit your key bindings go to the Creator Settings > Spectator and click _Edit key bindings_.
```

## To implement your own actions for your MonoBehavior, follow these steps:
1. Instead of extending MonoBehavior, extend InputActionListener
```
public class SpectatorController : InputActionListener
```
2. Add methods which are named after the event name you want to listen to
```
protected virtual void SetToTrainee(InputController.InputEventArgs args)
{
    SetToSpecificCamera(traineeCamera);
}
```

> 3. Call the RegisterInputEvent / UnregisterInputEvent in OnEnable/OnDisable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Call the RegisterInputEvent/UnregisterInputEvent in OnEnable/OnDisable
```

```
protected new void OnEnable()
{
    base.OnEnable();            
    RegisterInputEvent(SetToTrainee);
}

protected new void OnDisable()
{
    UnregisterInputEvent(SetToTrainee);            
    base.OnDisable();
}
```
4. Add the action to your custom key bindings, which should be under Assets/Resources/KeyBindings/CreatorCustomKeyBindings

![Key Bindings menu](../images/input-system/keybindings.png)

> 5. If you want to overwrite the default binding you will have to extend the BaseRuntimeConfiguration, overwriting the DefaultInputActionAssetPath and CustomInputActionAssetPath property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you want to overwrite the default bindings you will have to extend the BaseRuntimeConfiguration, overwriting the DefaultInputActionAssetPath and CustomInputActionAssetPath property.
```

## Set Focus / Disable Key bindings

> The InputController allows to focus a specific listener, which is for example required to limit the input during text input in a Textfield or browser. A specific focus target can be set by calling `void Focus(IInputFocus target)` and also released via `void ReleaseFocus()`. Setting a specific focus has two effects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InputController allows to focus a specific listener, which is for example required to limit the input during text input in a text field or browser. A specific focus target can be set by calling `void Focus(IInputFocus target)` and also released via `void ReleaseFocus()`. Setting a specific focus has two effects:
```

> 1. All events generated by the InputController will only be send to the focused target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. All events generated by the InputController will only be sent to the focused target
```

> 2. If the `IInputFocus` implementation does define a specific action map, this was is set active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If the `IInputFocus` implementation does define a specific action map, this action map will be set active.
```
